history
This is a subreddit where people discuss different things regarding history. People often discuss cause and effect of different events in history.
A place for discussing historical events. Interesting events and eras throughout history are common.
A place for users to post anything about history, ranging from questions, interesting articles, to thought-provoking questions and discussions.
History is a subreddit where users discuss different events, politics, cultures, figures, or topics in modern or ancient, and American or world history. Common discussion topics in crude countries, languages, political leaders, cultural leaders, and books
/r/History is a place for discussions about history. Feel free to submit interesting articles, tell us about this cool book you just read, or start a discussion about who everyone's favorite figure of minor French nobility is!

puns
This is a subreddit where people discuss different things regarding history. People often discuss cause and effect of different events in history.
A place for jokes containing and regarding puns. Most jokes revolve around clever wordplay.
A place for users to post puns of all kinds. There is no limit to what kinds of puns can be posted, as long as they are funny/ punny and use a play on words in some way.
Puns is a subreddit where users can post their favorite puns. These are one liners that are often funny or humors and play on the double meaning of a word or phrase. Puns can come from all different topics and kinds.
The Collection of Noteworthy Puns in Reddit Comments

cscareerquestions
This is a subreddit for people who have questions about computer science. People ask others who have more expertise for their advice based on their experiences. This community is open to anyone interested in computer science, not just those studying it.
A place for discussing career decisions. Experienced software engineers can offer advice to young professionals starting their careers.
A place for users to ask questions and start discussions about anything to do with Computer Science and Software Development jobs. This ranges from information on specific jobs at specific companies, to general questions on Computer Science and Software Development skills.
CSCareerQuestions is a subreddit where all members of the CS community discuss things relevant to their career. This include classes to take in school, companies they are interested in working for, the interview process, and different jobs in many quantitive fields such as software development, science, web development, and management.
WELCOME one and all, to /r/cscareerquestions! Here we discuss careers in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, and related fields. Please keep the conversation professional, adhere to the reddiquette, and remember to READ OUR RULES. If you have a common question, please read this post first.

engineering
This subreddit is a place for engineers and people to share their experiences in engineering. This includes asking others for advice and sharing new feats of engineering in society.
A place for users to have discussions about anything from the field of engineering. This includes jobs, concepts from any subfield of engineering, interesting engineering problems, and questions about engineering.
A place for discussing all things in the field of engineering. Experienced engineers can offer career advice. Interesting articles and Engineering news can be discussed and analyzed.
Engineering is a subreddit where professional or amateur engineers discuss things related to engineering. This includes topics in engineering such as education, laws of physics, principles of design, or different feats of engineering. Feats include structures or products that are amazing marvels of engineering success.
1) Sharing information, knowledge, experience related to the principles and practice of all types of engineering: civil, structural, mechanical, electrical, aerospace, chemical, computer, environmental, etc. 2) Questions about current engineering projects you are working on, how to interpret codes and standards, and industry practice are all encouraged. Engineers should help each other to make the world a safer and better place. 3) Images related to engineering are accepted provided they are relevant to engineering. Completed projects, destructive test results, and unique machinery and hardware are all acceptable and encouraged. Lead-in comments are encouraged to provide context to the readers.

uofm
This is a community of University of Michigan students and people interested in U of M. People can ask for advice about courses as well as other information related to the college such as clubs and activities to join.
A place for discussion about the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor, Michigan. Alumni as well as students can ask questions regarding academics, student life, and career planning.
A place for users to talk about anything related to the University of Michigan. This includes many different topics, from sports and roommate searches to classes, admissions, registration, and academics.
UofM is a subreddit where students discuss things relevant to their education at the University of Michigan. Often students will discuss events happening on campus, organizations to join, places to get food, current events relevant to the university, or classes and professors at the university.
Post anything related to the University of Michigan. Be it class, sports, clubs, wanting to meet up, anything!
